# Module API

Module API unlock data from particular modules within an organization.

The Module API page will display the Swagger-UI which takes an existing JSON or YAML document and creates interactive documentation.

---

## Servers

Servers are listed here.

---

## Authorize yourself

### Authorize

You can authorize yourself to gain access to Swagger by clicking the green authorize button at the top right of the screen.

### Bearer Authentication

Bearer Authentication (also called token authentication) is an HTTP authentication scheme that involves security tokens called bearer tokens. The name “bearer authentication” can be understood as “give access to the bearer of this token” the token is a cryptic string usually generated by the server in response to a login request. The client must send this token in the authorization header when making requests to protected resources.

To authorize yourself copy and paste the value that can be found in <a href="/admin/api/api-tokens">API Tokens</a>.

Click green authorize button at the bottom.

---

## Swagger

The web user interface looks like this:

### Expand the section

Any action method in controllers can be tested from the user interface. Select a method name to expand the section.

### Try it out

Click "Try it out" and add all the necessary parameters. Parameters differ depending on the calalogue you want to test. It can be password, e-mail etc.

### Execute

Select "Execute".

### Responses

Responses are listed here.

---